The Joe Rogan experience. It's just nuts, how much money is involved in it,
and how many people look away. You know,
people are trying to stop different flavored tobacco smoke.
I see you're a vapor. Well.
That, that I actually looked into that very, very deeply. This, this was the,
the tobacco industry had a problem. The problem was this. I,
I kicked the cigarettes with this, cuz it's just, you know,
you can have nicotine in it or not, but you know, it's not. And.
If you had any health consequences from using that thing, zero,
keep hearing about people getting lung issues and well.
Okay. So a couple things happened, the lung issues, and I don't know who,
you know, personally, but there was a, I don't know, anybody personally,
there was a scare and the scare killed a couple of people like 10 people.
And what it turned out was that was people who had vaped, uh,
THC cartridges and some cause you know, the people who put the,
you buy your THC, uh, cartridges from a dispensary here,
it's actually packaged by somebody else, not by that person. So you have,
you know, king world or whatever these different, you know,
that's kind of a reput brand, but it's packaged somewhere else.
That means putting it, you know,
putting the stuff in and they put in some vitamin E acetate.
And that just kinda like created a, a, we, you know,
heat that up and became a web of some inside your lung and you up.
So that's a bad thing, but had nothing to do with vaping,
nicotine with the,
with the typical chemicals that you get from reputable companies to do.
That. Can I ask this is the, the,
the vaping from marijuana with their processes more problematic than, uh,
vaping of tobacco?
Well, it cer certainly was in that case because in that case,
because someone changed the formula, then you need to have some,
some oil in there in order to keep it, you know, liquid and for it to, you know,
just for, or to be able to go into the vape and not.
So the issue was actually the vitamin E oil. Yes. Yes.
And so, and so that stopped of course,
somewhere someone did something and that happened.
You know, a really high guy actually said this to me once he, uh, he,
he told me that he uses organic MCT oil for his, uh, his vapes. And he was like,
can his vape? I'm like, bro, I'm not sucking on your or vape.
I don't even know you. You could be a crazy person. You could be,
you could be DMT vapes, they have DMT vapes now. Ah,
that's somebody hands you a vape pen. You might be going into orbit.
For 20 minutes. Yeah. For.
20 Minutes. What if you're driving? Oh.
<Laugh>, you know, well, well I think, you know,
I've flown a helicopter high on DMT. No, no. On, uh, weed. Oh,
that's a different animal. Yeah. With an instructor, you know,
he wanted to see how I did it and it was perfect anyway.
Yeah. I play pool, which is a very sensitive thing. Like.
Not quite the same on death by helicopter it's, but, but you're.
Controlling the rotations of a ball. It's very delicate. Yeah.
Like literally the amount of effort you put, if like you, if you good player,
the amount of effort they put really accurately depicts how many revolutions
of the Cub ball I'm sure. Yeah.
And after it's colliding with the object ball and you get more sensitive to that
when you're high. Yeah. Jujitsu's another one.
A lot of people do jujitsu high really. Yep. Interesting. It's.
Really, really,
really common guys smoke out in the parking lot and then go roll.
It's really common. Well, that was, I,
I did the most perfect landing ever when I, when I, uh, probably super into it.
Oh. And it's very small input. The helicopter you've seen. It's very,
very small. Yeah. Um, anyway, so, uh, the,
the tobacco industry had a real you,
and that also comes back to the states because there's this master agreement
that was put in place decades ago,
that tobacco companies would pay a percentage of their sales to all states,
to, uh,
as a pre compensation for whatever up people get from smoking tobacco.
And all these states wrote big bonds against that money.
And so when the income from the tobacco companies was decreasing significantly
because of vaping, all of a sudden, the states are going, especially this one,
what the we have these bond, these bonds are gonna, you know, become, go bust.
That's you know, when you have your, your state bond go bust, you know,
real problem. It's financial issue, states and cities and everything go broke.
So everyone had an incentive to get rid of vaping, get people back on tobacco.
Um, so they, Tia bought Juul.
The, the vape, the vape that's I mean, this isn't, this is, you know, hardcore.
This is, you know, got a battery's all technical, you get the vape juice.
Juul is a prepackaged product. Kids were buying it like, like,
what is the benefit of that over a Juul? Uh,
you can control how much the draws see dudes that look like dragons.
They blow these gigantis and you can, you can put whatever you wanted it.
Not just limited by what Juul wants to sell you. Yeah. Anyway,
back to the cause you like this story. Okay. So, so to states,
everyone's keyed up, they buy Juul for $18 billion. They buy it as a writeoff.
They want to get this company out of the market. Really.
Then they go to the FDA and they start all this about flavors, flavors, flavors,
flavors, you saw it everywhere. It was massive. It was a perfect storm.
We got 10 people dying from vaping, something completely unrelated,
but vaping e-cigarettes, he had an e-cigarette. He died. It was actually, yeah,
he vaped, but he vaped a bad T THC cartridges and, you know,
got a severe problem. So you know how the media plays that,
and it just kept on spinning spin. They're like, well,
we have to stop the children.
And the way you stop it is by taking away the flavors cuz children,
they want flavors. That's what the problem is that, ju over and,
and actually Tia who, you know, used to, they bought Philip Morris basically.
So it's the biggest tobacco company. They start,
they already wrote down half of it, right. Just taking the L on it.
They didn't want to get rid of it because in the wings,
they had their competing product,
which is I Q O S I quit ordinary smoking,
small eye capital QoS, and it heats tobacco.
So it's a, it looks like a vape pen. It has a, but it,
it actually runs on tobacco and it doesn't burn it, it heats it up,
has whatever it, some kind of mechanism in the filter you inhale.
And it's almost their dream, which is the smokeless cigarette, very close to it.
But most importantly, it's not a nicotine, uh,
synthetic nicotine. It is tobacco product, which is their business.
And they got, they really ratcheted this up.
So high that they got Trump in involved and Trump actually with Melania, they,
they, they did a thing with, uh, Alex AAR,
the health and human services secretary. He said, um, uh, well,
you know, we, this vaping is very dangerous. Uh, we have a kid actually,
you know, was one of those moments where everyone loves to jump on Trump.
He said, Melania has a kid. You know, he forgot to say it was his,
whatever it was. And uh, now he's actually been overheard saying,
I wish I'd never gotten involved in that thing because he figured it out.
He figured out was a huge scam. The bill has been stopped,
but now they're still trying to push through, uh,
a bill that will help the tobacco companies even more by outlawing any type of
flavored, uh,
east cigarettes or juice liquid or what they just wanna get rid of.
It. So it's really like who killed the electric car?
It's exactly that. And they just go look at it.
Now I Q O S they're launching these new stories today that say,
oh my God, it's the saving grace. We have the new product.
We've all been waiting for right at the moment that vaping is gonna kill you.
It's hooking children because of flavors.
So do you think they're,
they're hiring people to write news stories and the news organizations are
picking up because they're being told to, they just do a press release.
Just do a press release mate. Come on.
It's so easy in the media to do a press release. And um, oh, by the way,
we're Al uh, so we're gonna buy, uh,
500 million advertising over the next five years.
Would you please run our story? Or, you know, you might wanna look at this,
come on. It's tobacco.
So do you think that they make a deal before they accept the press release to do
advertising? Or do they wait a little bit, you know, it's.
You don't even have to say anything. It's just the, yeah.
It's.
Implied. Why do you not hear everyone knows.
Why do you hear the discussion about, uh,
over medication of children on television? Look at the number one advertiser,
right? You, if you start talking, it it's just not discussed. You can't have.
Because it is a controversial subject and it would be a good subject for
television's contr.
A lot of people paying attention to it it's it would get a lot of ratings.
If you have a lot of stories about, over of children, people would be like,
what, what is going on? It would be something people would be interested in. Uh,
yeah. And yet they don't do it.
Because the advertise, right. I mean, just look, look at your advertise.
I have to turn off the sound these days,
because I'm sure that I'm being blanketed with so many ads that eventually I'm
going to get Propecia eventually going to get high blood pressure.
I'm my not gonna work. Cuz that's what you're telling you. Every,
every commercial block. Yeah. Everyone it's pharmaceutical until, you know,
like cable news, especially cuz an older demographic. Um, but even if you watch,
um.
What is it, uh, what do they have, uh,
where they have two and a half men running all TV land two and a half men.
And what's the other one? Doug and Carrie. I love that. I watch those. Come on,
Kevin. James is uh, two and a half men. No, no, no. The Doug and Carrie wheres.
The ups driver. Oh, oh king and Queens. Tina of Queens. Yeah. Watch. Oh man.
I comes, I, I can watch that. That's a funny show.
I can just watch it over and over again. Kevin's good dude. But very funny guy.
Every commercial break, boom drugs. Yeah. What is it?
Which documentary was it there that had, uh,
a description about the United States saying that we are one of two countries
in the world that allows advertising Australia is the other,
I think it's New Zealand. Okay. It's either Australia or New Zealand. Sorry,
either one because that's like a real up. It's yeah.
It's called out the wrong one of those too. I think it's,
I'm pretty sure it's New Zealand Uhhuh,
but that for whatever reason that everybody else is like, what are you crazy?
Yeah. And once we got it in there, it's like,
once something becomes something that everybody does, we are crazy.
It's really difficult. It's so.